Welcome to the news section and this is the last section that I think that you'll need to cover so you
can go from.
How do you as being be too.
I haven't B and to finally I'm rocking this as being the thing and the last section we gave you a lot
of tips about how you can maximize the guest experience good guest experiences and get good reviews
you might even get lucking It featured on air B and B that's going to really make it move you a long
way if you use all the tips that I mentioned.
I guarantee you're going to have some great guest experiences unless something's wrong with your apartment.
Now this section we're talking a little bit about how you can just go up and beyond how you have a listing
now what are things that you can do that are really going to separate you from the pack.
How are you going to get to that number one listing.
How are you going to get to the point where you really can maximize the benefit of the service.
The number one thing that I think you need to do is you need to improve and experiment and separate
out those two but the people who are really good at FBN be the ones who just look at them and everybody's
having a great time and they're making tons of money and booked out for the next six months.
Those are the people that constantly improve and they constantly experiment improve.
We talked previously about what happens when you get a bad review.
How do you maximize the guest experience as a whole.
Now the best way of improving your service is actually to let your guest identify what can be improved.
Now it's pretty easy over time through your conversations through your messages and often sometimes
your review is there are going to suggest things that could be better.
Things I did not like or things they really did like use that feedback it's absolutely crucial.
When I first started listing I had probably half the amenities that I ended with after a while so many
people kept saying things like you know I wish there was parking or parking so hard outside.
I went and got a parking spot.
All of a sudden no one ever asked about that ever again because I loved it.
There was no problems of parking any more.
I didn't hear these headaches stories.
How many people did I have say that it's hard to find the bathroom at night.
So I put nightlights and I put a little desk by the table really kind of basic things if they say something
is uncomfortable maybe a mattress is uncomfortable maybe you want to swap it out again.
Your neighbors are allowed.
Have a conversation with your neighbors.
These are all things that you can steadily improve on and you don't even necessarily have to sit down
and think what is wrong with my apartment How can I prove it.
Your guest will tell you.
And if there are things that they really like keep doing it and try to improve on it so improve is relatively
easy.
I don't think that you have to be a master of being a you know the perfect concierge and the perfect
host and the perfect cleaner.
You'll find out very quickly what works and what doesn't work and constantly incorporate new things
into your space.
Put in new amenities put in new things to be excited about and then what you want to do is you want
to tweak your listing when this happens.
Go back to your listing add the new things you've added.
You know if there's an event coming up what you can do is maybe you can buy some book tickets for it
and give it to your guests for free.
Put that in the listing.
These are things that can really really work because a lot of times people come here listing.
They just see some copy pasted description that doesn't seem very fresh to them.
If you added something in there that's been updated a couple of weeks ago.
That's fantastic.
That's another rule that people and you'd have me will also say is that you want to put new things updates
you want to say that you keep adding things that's it makes people go oh people are actually paying
attention to this.
Number two is an experiment experimentation is crucial to this.
Now when I talked about what you want to set for your title when you set your description what photos
to use.
Those are not rules that are set in stone.
Those are just like a guideline that I've kind of identified that will help you at least have a positive
impression on your listing but you want to experiment and not only to experiment with de-listing but
experiment with the actual guest experience itself.
Try being extra friendly to your gas being extra reserved.
You know every time you check them in or maybe you don't check them and try something different.
See how it works.
This is how you identify things that are better and things that are worse and this is how you have a
compass for how well am I doing.
It doesn't require a lot of thought.
Also it just requires that every time you do spend that 10 15 minutes a day on your air B and B that
you try something else on your.
Try something different try taking in your title of your property and try dropping a word and swapping
with something else.
See how people respond to that.
Try different title names.
Tried putting in what your bedroom configuration is and then tried dropping that.
Maybe you have an event.
Put something up in your title mentioning the event.
See how that works.
If you're not sure if you are best for tourist or bus or business people try testing out both try making
a title that works for business people at one that works for tourists.
Same thing with your description.
Add new things and drop them out see what people respond to your messages too.
I would say you don't need to experiment with being rude.
It doesn't make sense but you can also try experimenting things like giving them your personal contact
information or giving them discounts no matter what.
I've seen that work pretty well just say so when messages are you asking you about it.
Give them a trivial discount give them a $50 discount if they book it today.
These are things that are going to get you into the top 10 percent of hosts and out of that clause II.
This is worth it.
But I'm not having a bonanza.
I'm not getting paid you know 10k a month to travel that little zone and you can kind of get stuck in
try other things out.
The more effort you put into this the more it's going to show.
Guests can see that.